Feora nArthacha is a Kvenscaskan woman from the capital city of Emelt, born in
869 AF to Sigra na Halma and Arthach na Dorn. She currently resides in Seltol,
west of Emelt.

She has long brown hair that stretches to her mid back, that she'll tie or let
lie as suits her mood. She stands uncommonly tall, at 5'9", and has a buxom
sort of figure. Feora's eyes are hazel, and her face gently rounded at her
cheeks. Her forehead has come to show slight furrows, like a timidly plowed
field, and her smile has become rarer and less broad over time.

Feora was married to a man named Torvask na Stal at the age of 26. Both had
been members of the same guild of architects and engineers for several years.
They had traveled together on commission from various temples and towns to
repair monuments, shrines, and civic buildings, with a handful of other
engineers and laborers. As they worked together, drafting restorations and
modifications, they fell in love together.

When they married, they settled in Seltol, as a hall for their guild was
located there. No longer were they living the sweat-forged life of designing
in the field and carrying marble and bronze alongside their teams of laborers,
but drafting their own designs of shrines and fountains for Seltol and outlying
towns.

They never had children, though they tried. Every folk remedy and every old
wives' tale. Prayers and offerings to Peicci. Advice from the apothecary,
the priest, the innkeeper -- anyone at all. Nothing seemed to stick. Feora and
Torvask both wanted children of their own, though their persistence dwindled
as they rose to meet their thirties.

Some subtle changes began to happen with Torvask. At times, his walk would be
unsteady. His eyes and hands had trouble tracking steadily. His drafts became
shaky and scrawled. Feora worried, though Torvask put on a brave face. His
mind began to leave him too, becoming slow and oft-forgetful, like an aging
grandparent. He took a leave of absence from the guild, hoping that time and
rest would improve his condition.

All the while, Feora fervently worked to keep Torvask in good health. She
sought healers and alchemists. She invited a priest to conduct rituals to
Chemet until she knew all the steps herself. And when these efforts availed
nothing, she took to her engineering skills. She built a gently-sloped ramp in
place of the steps of their house. She kept a journal of notes for Torvask, of
things they'd both said, to help him remember.

But his memories faded with his muscles. There was a day when he couldn't
remember Feora's name. He hung onto that first phoneme, and dangled off of it
like a hapless hiker from a cliff. Feora broke down. She was scarcely able to
rouse herself from bed the following day.

She pressed on though. Through more forgotten names and fumbling limbs. On
worse days, Torvask would wander outside into the streets in a fugue of
confusion. His stories would repeat, sometimes even multiple times in the same
day. Feora had lost hope for his recovery. She hid her grief from him, even if
he wouldn't remember anyway.

To her, it was almost as if he was already dead, with his soul leaving slowly,
leaking almost, rather than being whisked away all at once.

With Torvask 35 and Feora 33, he finally passed. His soul had gone, and his
body was still. Forlorn, Feora sought a priest for his rites and burial. She
took her wedding shawl and brought it round her head, leaving only her hair
and eyes visible. She kept Torvask's shawl and hung it on the wall over their
bed.

He was buried with his drafting notebook, with one page of Feora's own work
enclosed as well -- a plan for a stained glass window depicting an infant.

Feora mourned privately. Hers was not the sadness of a loved one taken in
hate, haste, or the fury of battle, but the hollowness of a gradual undoing.
In some ways she was somber, and in others, relieved, but only relief with
weeds of guilt sprouting and sapping her spirit.

A year has passed since, and Feora has removed her shawl, and taken Torvask's
down from the wall. She sewed them together, with his forming the outer layer,
and hers the inner.

She is 34 now, and while the grief and sorrow remain, Feora is ready to begin
again. To seek the gods and cleave new stone, craft new blueprints, and leave
Seltol, with only her memories and the shawl in tow.

==============================================================================

Feora has a solemn air about her. Her mind wanders to fate and future in quiet
moments. When she is upset, she will turn pensive. She speaks in gentle tones,
as if still living in a house with an ailing lover.

Favored Deities:
  Peicci, Tapir-God of Farming, Reproduction, Birth, Rice, and Grain
  <God of Architecture>
  Chemet, Snake-God of Alchemy, Toxins, Poison, and Antidote

Favored Skills:
  Craft<Architecture>
  Treat Disease<Degenerative>
  Repair<Clothing>
  Listen
  Draw

Primary Attributes:
  Knowledge   18%  01-18
  Finesse     18%  19-36
  Resilience  14%  37-50

Secondary Attributes:
  Intuition   13%  51-63
  Allure      12%  64-75
  Presence    10%  76-85

Tertiary Attributes:
  Soul         9%  86-94
  Agility      3%  95-97
  Vigor        3%  98-100

